docs: restructure smart accounts layout (#1342)
alchemyplatform/aa-sdk: site/pages/smart-contracts/install-plugins.mdx

:::

> Refer to the [Session Key](/smart-contracts/other-accounts/modular-account/session-keys/) section to learn more about using the `SessionKeyPlugin`.

Author: yep, but those docs arent up yet, this PR just reorganizes the folders/updates the links for those pages to be built on

> Refer to the [Session Key](/smart-contracts/other-accounts/modular-account/session-keys/) section to learn more about using the `SessionKeyPlugin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Session Key](#TODO/smart-contracts/mav2-session) section to learn more about using the `SessionKeyPlugin`.
```
